docs/2-sprint-2-mvp.md, before:

# Sprint 2 - A Minimum Viable Product (MVP)


## Sprint Goals

Develop a bare-bones, working web application that provides the key functionality of the system, then test and refine it so that it can serve as the basis for the final phase of development in Sprint 3.


---

## Implemented Database Schema

Added dm contact info

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA](screenshots/drawsql.png)



---

## Initial Implementation

The key functionality of the web app was implemented:

![GIF OF FUNCTIONALITY](screenshots\initial_implementation.gif)


---

## In progress feedback 

1. Add discord usernames of DMs to db as most user in dnd club have discord

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA CHANGES](screenshots/dm_discord.png)


2. Add more info e.g. lore document attachment, current level
 
![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA CHANGES](screenshots/currentlevelanddocs.png)

---

## Testing 


1. be able to view a concise list of campaigns easily as a player

![GIF OF FUNCTIONALITY](screenshots\testing_)

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Sprint Review

Replace this text with a statement about how the sprint has moved the project forward - key success point, any things that didn't go so well, etc.

Commit message:

changes to campaign list and single campaign view
 based on testing

docs/2-sprint-2-mvp.md, after:

# Sprint 2 - A Minimum Viable Product (MVP)


## Sprint Goals

Develop a bare-bones, working web application that provides the key functionality of the system, then test and refine it so that it can serve as the basis for the final phase of development in Sprint 3.


---

## Implemented Database Schema

Added dm contact info

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA](screenshots/drawsql.png)



---

## Initial Implementation

The key functionality of the web app was implemented:

![GIF OF FUNCTIONALITY](screenshots\initial_implementation.gif)


---

## In progress feedback 

1. Add discord usernames of DMs to db as most user in dnd club have discord

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA CHANGES](screenshots/dm_discord.png)


2. Add more info e.g. lore document attachment, current level
 
![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA CHANGES](screenshots/currentlevelanddocs.png)

---

## Testing campaign list


1. be able to view a concise list of campaigns easily as a player

![IMAGE OF FUNCTIONALITY](screenshots\testing_list.png)

### Changes / Improvements

I added the DM name to the information displayed in the main page list 

![IMAGE OF CHANGES](screenshots\change_list.png)


---

## Testing campaign details 

2. Able to view useful details about a specific campaign

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing adding campaign

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing editing campaign

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing deleting campaign

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Sprint Review

Replace this text with a statement about how the sprint has moved the project forward - key success point, any things that didn't go so well, etc.
