docs/3-sprint-3-refinement.md, before:

# Sprint 3 - A Refined and Complete System


## Sprint Goals

Develop the system until it is fully featured, with a refined UI and it satisfies the requirements. The system will be fully tested at this point.


---

## Updated Database Schema (if it changed)

Replace this text with notes regarding the DB schema.

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA](screenshots/example.png)


---

## Final Implementation

The web app is fully implemented with a refined UI:

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Sprint Review

Replace this text with a statement about how the sprint has moved the project forward - key success point, any things that didn't go so well, etc.

Commit message:

far more docs, start on rework
finished sprint 2, started working on adding dm functionality

docs/3-sprint-3-refinement.md, after:

# Sprint 3 - A Refined and Complete System


## Sprint Goals

Develop the system until it is fully featured, with a refined UI and it satisfies the requirements. The system will be fully tested at this point.


---

## Updated Database Schema 

I have now realized that i never used second and third tables in my database which means I'm not using linked tables... Gonna have to fix that

![SCREENSHOT OF DB SCHEMA](screenshots/final_db.png)

changed from player details to dm details

will now need to add page for adding dm details on admin page

---

## Final Implementation

The web app is fully implemented with a refined UI:

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Testing FEATURE NAME HERE

Replace this text with notes about what you are testing, how you tested it, and the outcome of the testing

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE TESTING HERE**

### Changes / Improvements

Replace this text with notes any improvements you made as a result of the testing.

**PLACE SCREENSHOTS AND/OR ANIMATED GIFS OF THE IMPROVED SYSTEM HERE**


---

## Sprint Review

Replace this text with a statement about how the sprint has moved the project forward - key success point, any things that didn't go so well, etc.
